days after Israeli air strikes killed
seven World Central Kitchen Aid workers
US President Joe Biden spoke with
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu the president warned if Israel
doesn't protect civilians and Aid
workers future us support is at stake he
made clear the need for Israel to
announce a series of
specific concrete and measurable steps
to address civilian harm humanitarian
suffering and the safety of Aid workers
those steps include more Crossings for
Aid trucks and mitigation measures to
reduce civilian harm the Biden
Administration says it must happen in a
matter of days the US Secretary of State
says 100% of the population in Gaza
needs humanitarian assistance and those
working to provide assistance are in
Peril this week's horrific attack on the
world Central k
was not the first such
incident it must be the last Biden's 30
minute phone call comes as the president
said to be increasingly frustrated by
Israel's war in Gaza that's left more
than
33,000 Palestinians dead he's calling
for an immediate ceasefire to improve
the humanitarian conditions and allow
for the release of captives if we don't
see changes from their side there'll
have to be changes from our side that
change could come in the form of a
policy shift critics have pressed the us
to stop providing nearly 4 billion in
annual military assistance to Israel but
the White House says there's no plan to
Halt Military Support the White House
declined to outline consequences if
Israel failed to protect civilians and
Aid workers it also defended its latest
approval of fighter jets and bombs the
same day that Aid workers were killed
saying Israel faces multiple threats
including from Iran Kimberly hit alzer
the White
House make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer